docs: Documentation cleanup (#4700)
KhronosGroup/Vulkan-ValidationLayers: docs/stateless_validation.md

- null pointer conditions
- stateless valid usage checks
- checks requiring only static state such as properties or limits

> The Stateless Validation is ran before [Core Validation Checks](core_checks.md). If there is a
> validation found in Stateless Validation it will return and not call Core Validation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Stateless Validation is run before [Core Validation Checks](core_checks.md). If there is a
validation error found in Stateless Validation, it will return and not call Core Validation nor call down the layer chain.
```
